Natalia from the valley will win a face
André wants to see a picture.
still alive between brasilia pub
our first stop of a fraud
at this stage
Maria Tomasia passes through the mountains of São Lourenço in Minas Gerais
rich in quarters
all these people have to look for
everybody knows it
beyond the daily minerals it surrenders
the areas of instabilities coming from emerging countries
lisboa 25 ten birth places
winning
you know
of the teams play one of the most desired we have to improve this
but this is not the way
she was arrested here in her blouse
kidney stones franchise another way to play the carnival
that proresult
robert nephew mayor
who lost those who did not take
by the fact that someone is criticized by veterans
it is not a matter of believing that the Serbian issue the result